Monorepo (#88)
Shopify/web-foundation: packages/stylelint-plugin/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

- Bump `stylelint-config-prettier@^4.0.0` to `stylelint-config-prettier@^8.0.1`
- Bump `stylelint-order@^2.2.1` to `stylelint-order@^4.0.0`
- Bump `stylelint-scss@^3.13.0` to `stylelint-scss@^3.16.0`
- Bump the `stylelint` peerDependencies to `stylelint@>=13.0.0`

🚨Package rename

> The stylelint config is now scoped undo the `@shopify` name. This mean the name of the plugin is now `@shopify/stylelint-plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has been renamed from `stylelint-config-shopify` to `@shopify/stylelint-plugin.`. Update any configuration to use this new name
```
